# napari documentation working group

Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg
Content Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/12
Engineering & Design: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11/views/1

## 2022-01-12

### Last week's action items

- [x] [name=Melissa] write doc on running local preview workflow [PR napari/napari#3842](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3842)
- [x] [name=Justin?] Follow up on Triage of content items 
- [x] [name=Nathan] Add a note to the "Creating a napari plugin page" to direct people to npe2 / warn them about a potential change in 2022.
- [ ] [name=Genevieve] ``.lycheeignore`` 
  - [ ] Suggestion from Draga: echoing the current working directly from inside the github workflow, just to check we are where we expect & .lycheeignore is in the right spot
  - Suggestion from Justin:
    - [ ] modifying the .lycheeignore file to ignore ALL the links (so we can see if it's finding the ignore file at all)
    - [ ] Perhaps there is some subtle syntax error with the ignore file? Modify the ignorefile to exclude only one specific link and then check to see if that happened correctly.

### Agenda

- [name=Draga] re. documentation contributor's guide - it's all ready to go but waiting for clarity on image hosting before moving on with PR
    - Depends on image hosting
- [name=Melissa] Images and tutorials:
    - Putting all docs in the same repo sounds like the best approach.
    - gh-pages approach: contributors would have to put images there (in a separate repo?)
    - build our own hosting and fetch via pooch etc
    - Proposal 1: Git LFS on napari/napari
        - Useful: good instructions for contributors to setup git LFS locally
        - Useful: a pre-commit hook to check contributors have git LFS if they try to commit files with specific extensions (.png, .tif, .gif, etc.) 
    - Proposal 2: create a separate assets repo and link to these images (perhaps keeping a release/tag-specific links for stability)
    - Proposal 3: hotlinking to images in issues (or hotlinking by uploading to markdown files hosted on repo, not just issues/comments) (on dedicated repo). Docs WG is paranoid about this
    - Melissa will set up a minimal example repo with git-lfs to demo at the community meeting tomorrow
- [name=Justin] upcoming plans for design & engineering work
- [name=Justin] Plausible for website analytics https://plausible.io/docs. Has nice GDPR compliance. We're looking at the Plausible analytics for napari.org and the napari hub. 

### Next week's action items
------


At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2021/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting

