# napari documentation working group

Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg

## 2021-11-24

### Last week's action items
- [Sphinx documentation on index generation (for the Glossary)](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#index-generating-markup)


### Agenda
- [ ] [name=Melissa] Clarifying moving forward with TOC
    - [ ] need to identify all the "breaking" TOC updates
    - Jeremy was only aware of the copydocs script
        - but we also have a script to generate preferences docs
        - a script to generate events reference docs
    - [ ] identifying next steps for using Netlify as a service to orchestrate some staging/preview environments for us
        - is it a free tier thing or a paid tier thing? If it's free, any core dev can set up a netlify account (only one netlify user)
        - if it's a paid tier, CZI has usually taken this through contracts and it would take 2-3 months
        - Gonzalo has configured this before and could be a point of contact
- napari.github.io features to be implemented?
    - download buttons, faq dropdowns, spacing between paragraphs, docs preview
    - potential time for this next sprint?
        - download buttons, faq dropdowns and TOC linking inconsistently probably ok for next sprint
        - docs preview workflow might be too much
            - but not for locally, as this can already be done
    - these items are all tracked in the Docs wg. beta project:
        https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11
- [name=Justin] [Docs wg. project board](https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11)
    - currently tracking Engineering & Design
    - can track sprints, issues from multiple repositories, roadmapping
    - should content work go in the same board or a different board?
        - Justin feels maybe different board because it won't necessarily be tied to sprints
        - however, you can only add existing/draft issues to the boards (rather than standalone items)
        - maybe classic project would be more useful and we can hopefully migrate to new project once we have feature parity
- [name=Draga] Contributing docs updates
    - All docs PR is ready to go. I will leave this here until we are ready to open the real PR in `napari/napari`
    - Installation guide is close to ready. Since we can update it without affecting the reorg, i will open the PR in `napari/napari` and get that finished


### Next week's action items
- [name=Melissa] write doc on running local preview workflow
- [name=Draga] close installation guide PR in napari.github.io and reopen in napari/napari
------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2021/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
