# Napari developer meetings
## 2022-01-13

### Last week's action items

### This week Agenda

- [name=Nick] Plans for 0.4.13 release
- [name=Melissa] Docs working group blocked, need decision on image/gif hosting. We need community buy-in so we can move forward: 
    - **Proposal 1: Git LFS on napari/napari**
    - Proposal 2: create a separate assets repo and link to these images (perhaps keeping a release/tag-specific links for stability)
    - Proposal 3: hotlinking to images in issues (or hotlinking by uploading to markdown files hosted on repo, not just issues/comments) (on dedicated repo). Docs WG DOES N
- [name=Isabela] Quick look at ideas to streamline the plugin filter/install dialog (per [napari/napari #3236](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3236)).
    - Also, is there a writing style guide in use anywhere in napari projects (including in the docs)?
        - There might be, if [napari/napari.github.io #283](https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/283/files) gets merged. As of right now, the only priority is lowercase n napari.âœ¨
- [name=Justine] Bundled app installation documentation
    - Do we need a tutorial? Is this something that the Docs WG can help with?
- [name=Ben] share out some early insights from image.sc analysis?

## New action items

------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
