# Napari developer meetings

## 2021-12-02

### Last week's action items
- [x] [name=Juan] & [name=Genevieve] review & merge Melissa's PRs
  - [x] Capitalization PR: https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/284 ([name=Juan] & [name=Genevieve])
  - [x] TOC reorg PR: https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/285 ([name=Juan] & [name=Genevieve]) (we are waiting for [this last task to happen](https://github.com/napari/napari.github.io/pull/285#issuecomment-970480118) before merging)
- [ ] [name=Talley] Put smaller subset of lattice light sheet demo data (with just 2 timepoints) on dropbox for tutorial CI

### This week Agenda

- [name=Genevieve] Will introduce the new Dask community engagement team (Ian Rose and Sarah Johnson from Coiled) to napari
- [name=Nathan]: plugins update
    - Talley to upload npe2 to PyPI
- [name=Talley]: dos & don'ts doc for plugin devs (https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3657)
- [name=Jordão]: thoughts on interactive track layer (https://github.com/JoOkuma/napari/tree/adding-interactive-tracks).
    - Juan: tracks should eventually be a subclass of graphs
    - Juan: Kasia Kedziora is also working on editing tracks in napari
    - Jordão: also Alan Lowe
- Nick: layer.features (https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3730)
    - Juan to comment on issue


## New action items



------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
